well howdy there internet people it's Bo
again I just got off the phone and you
know sometimes a story from somebody
else's life can help put your views into
focus can help put your your life in a
perspective can help you examine things
that are going on around you this isn't
I mean that's why most literature exists
is to help expose you to other ideas and
bring about different things different
emotions and different thought processes
today July 9th a family went into hiding
they went into hiding they were worried
about getting rounded up they had
applied for asylum in the United States
but it was denied so they went into
hiding now the truth is we all know how
this story ends somebody more concerned
with legality than morality is going to
give them up so what's gonna happen
that's how the story ends it ends with
and they get rounded up and shipped off
to camps separated the family ripped
apart and in one of those camps Anne
Frank she dies a typhus
I'm willing to bet that a lot of people
thought I was talking about something
that happened in the United States this
July 9th no July 9th is the day that
Anne Frank and her family went into the
Attic now if when I was saying that a
family went into hiding and you know
it's starting that story if you were
sitting there going I can't believe he
didn't turn him in that's why people
make the comparison they do that's why
because you're cut from the same cloth
as the people that turned around you
know
Americans we like to remain blissfully
ignorant of the situation of the world
and we do this as a defense mechanism
because we don't want to accept
culpability and responsibility for the
things that are done in our name things
that are done by this government these
people are coming here because of our
interventions in their countries they
get up here they claim asylum and just
like back then we're saying oh they're
not relish eylem seekers the difference
is this time we don't have the Atlantic
separating us they can make it here and
we have to look at them so rather than
look at them we're gonna put them in
camps and propagandize them use all kind
of rhetoric to dehumanize them what we
do the people and because we do this we
can say cute little things like oh well
they just should have followed the law
they can leave anytime they want that's
kind of true kind of they can in a way
but they don't just get to walk out the
front gates they got to go back now the
office of the inspector-general released
that report describing the conditions in
these places we've heard the audio tapes
of children being mocked as they cry for
their parents
if people are in those conditions
separated from their kids whom may be
getting abused and they know this and
they still don't go back I don't think
that says what you think it does it kind
of shows that what they're facing at
home is worse it kind of shows that
their life is in danger which is kind of
the reason asylum exists that statement
doesn't prove what you think it does and
as we sit here and debate and ramble on
about this topic it's still going on
right now it's happening you know we can
be a country that has kids and school
read a story and talk about how horrible
it was and how we made a mistake by not
giving them asylum and then we do the
same thing we continue to do it while
those kids are reading that book as we
decry how horrible it was we engage in
the same activity or we can learn from
our mistakes if we learn from our
mistakes and to those people who support
this if you learn from your mistakes the
next time you hear a story about
somebody collaborating with one of the
worst regimes of the 20th century you
won't think it's about you anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good day